caution they came from the darkest
depths of the uncharted cosmos the space
Raiders brightly colored blue light bad
guys with really big brains and easily
enough alien technology to take over the
place the only thing that can stop the
space Raiders is the sound of the munchy
crunchy snacks when me and my grandpa
discovered there was an alien invasion
of Earth we were freaked I mean it was
like you don't expect to discover stuff
like that in your kitchen but there you
are we did when we discovered that the
fight against this invasion consists of
the consumption of space Raiders
everything started to click into place I
mean use a cliched go on about how the
price or space Raiders who remained at
tempe since time began but it began to
make sense when you contextualized it
within the framework of this new reality
it wasn't a mystery when you realize
that a purpose of spice writers is to
warn of aliens with a crunching noise so
you need to keep the price like it's
imperative you remove every obstacle you
can for mankind to engage in this
defense in the spice Raiders factory
that operating on a different level the
different aesthetic yes they're probably
running at a loss but it's the future of
the planet they've got in mind so that's
why I Tempe a packet there's no mystery
there we tried to carry on with our day
but you just can't click back into the
groove when you discover something like
that my grandpa tried to eat soup but he
couldn't concentrate soup wasn't going
to help stem the invasion it was space
Raiders we told my grandma and she had a
look for herself now that she was freaky
too I couldn't just leave my
grandparents to fend for themselves this
wasn't for the first time in my
life I had to rise to the moment and do
something to defend my grandparents who
had raised me and loved me and nurtured
me it was time to give something back so
me and my brother started panic by
I mean the shot was busy from everyone
must have heard about the invasion I
mean they were doing that post and stuff
as well and a couple of people buying
lottery tickets but they were all kind
of stocking up on spice writers as well
to defend the universe so me and my
brother were kind of Buck Rogers of the
suburbs trying to save our grandparents
to quit ball as 20 packets and we
decided if we had a rotor and worked in
a shift me and my brother bill to defend
my grandparents from the islands so
that's how we live now for me my brother
and my grandparents locked inside eating
space round the crisps I've put on 13
pounds and my liver is swollen is also a
deficiency in my blood but foot keep
eating got to keep it in for grandma
grandma
you